.TH "extremaTypes.h" 3 "22 Oct 2006" "Doxygen" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
extremaTypes.h \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <LL.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <vector>\fP
.br
\fC#include 'extremaConfig.h'\fP
.br

.SS "Namespaces"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "namespace \fBextrema\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Classes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBextrema::t_ipoint\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIInternal structure, holds 2D point coordinates. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBextrema::s_sortpixels\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIInternal structure with intensity histogram. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBextrema::s_region\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIInternal region structure. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBextrema::s_region_equiv\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIInternal structure with a node of the label equivalency tree. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBextrema::s_thresh_par\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIInternal structure with processed detector's parameters. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBextrema::s_borderpixel\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIStructure with pixel of the extended boundary. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBextrema::s_thresh_def\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIInternal structure holding threshold paramaters. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBc_maxByte\fP   256"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Typedefs"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef unsigned int \fBextrema::t_label\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBextrema::s_sortpixels\fP \fBextrema::t_sortpixels\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIInternal structure with intensity histogram. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef unsigned int \fBextrema::t_mregion\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBextrema::s_region\fP \fBextrema::t_region\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIInternal region structure. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBextrema::s_region_equiv\fP \fBextrema::t_region_equiv\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIInternal structure with a node of the label equivalency tree. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBextrema::s_thresh_par\fP \fBextrema::t_thresh_par\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIInternal structure with processed detector's parameters. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBextrema::s_borderpixel\fP \fBextrema::t_borderpixel\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIStructure with pixel of the extended boundary. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef std::vector< \fBt_borderpixel\fP > \fBextrema::point_vector\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIVector with extended boundary. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBextrema::s_thresh_def\fP \fBextrema::t_thresh_def\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIInternal structure holding threshold paramaters. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define c_maxByte   256"
.PP
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen from the source code.
