.TH "extrema::Region" 3 "22 Oct 2006" "Doxygen" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
extrema::Region \- A structure with common statistics of \fBBoundaryRegion\fP and \fBRLERegion\fP.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <libExtrema.h>\fP
.PP
Inherited by \fBextrema::BoundaryRegion\fP, and \fBextrema::RLERegion\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBlabel\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIUnique region's label. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBminI\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIMinimum intensity. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBmaxI\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIMaximum intensity. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBmargin\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIStability i.e. the length of stable intensities range. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBthreshold\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThresholded intensity. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBextremumX\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIPosition of initial point of the region, a zero-based X coordinate. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBextremumY\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIPosition of initial point of the region, a zero-based Y coordinate . \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBarea\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIA region area at the thresholded intensity level. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBborder\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIA region border length at the thresholded intensity level. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBcx\fP"
.br
.RI "\fICentroid of the region at the thresholded level. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBcy\fP"
.br
.RI "\fICentroid of the region at the thresholded level. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBsxx\fP"
.br
.RI "\fISecond moments of the region at the thresholded level. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBsxy\fP"
.br
.RI "\fISecond moments of the region at the thresholded level. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBsyy\fP"
.br
.RI "\fISecond moments of the region at the thresholded level. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBrid\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIUnique region id, i.e. index of the region. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
A structure with common statistics of \fBBoundaryRegion\fP and \fBRLERegion\fP. 
.PP
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int \fBextrema::Region::area\fP"
.PP
A region area at the thresholded intensity level. 
.PP
.SS "int \fBextrema::Region::border\fP"
.PP
A region border length at the thresholded intensity level. 
.PP
.SS "double \fBextrema::Region::cx\fP"
.PP
Centroid of the region at the thresholded level. 
.PP
.SS "double \fBextrema::Region::cy\fP"
.PP
Centroid of the region at the thresholded level. 
.PP
.SS "int \fBextrema::Region::extremumX\fP"
.PP
Position of initial point of the region, a zero-based X coordinate. 
.PP
.SS "int \fBextrema::Region::extremumY\fP"
.PP
Position of initial point of the region, a zero-based Y coordinate . 
.PP
.SS "int \fBextrema::Region::label\fP"
.PP
Unique region's label. 
.PP
.SS "int \fBextrema::Region::margin\fP"
.PP
Stability i.e. the length of stable intensities range. 
.PP
.SS "int \fBextrema::Region::maxI\fP"
.PP
Maximum intensity. 
.PP
.SS "int \fBextrema::Region::minI\fP"
.PP
Minimum intensity. 
.PP
.SS "int \fBextrema::Region::rid\fP"
.PP
Unique region id, i.e. index of the region. 
.PP
.SS "double \fBextrema::Region::sxx\fP"
.PP
Second moments of the region at the thresholded level. 
.PP
.SS "double \fBextrema::Region::sxy\fP"
.PP
Second moments of the region at the thresholded level. 
.PP
.SS "double \fBextrema::Region::syy\fP"
.PP
Second moments of the region at the thresholded level. 
.PP
.SS "int \fBextrema::Region::threshold\fP"
.PP
Thresholded intensity. 
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen from the source code.
